OK so before I forget I've added some styles to the input I forgot to do it on the Preuss Lechter I've
added to just the font size and then just a margin of 20 something real simple.
OK.
So we're going to talk about events whenever we work with applications.
Events are really important you know events to how to get whenever we get whenever the user clicks or
whatever the user types some information we want to get that event.
So whenever the user clicks the logo I want to do something.
OK.
So this is just like vanilla jazz.
And for those who don't know what jazz is it's raw javascript it's S-5.
We're using iOS 6 right here.
Vanilla.
It's going to be fine.
OK.
So just like iOS 5 what do we do we need to get the on click handler back in.
Yes 5.
What do we do.
It's unclick just like this.
And then inside here we just write a function and that's it.
And then maybe in a different file we use function and then click and then we just trigger the function
right just like we used to do it there.
The thing is that we are using react.
So we are not going to be able to do it this way.
We need to do something else.
So I'm going to let this go back and really want to get the On Click event.
So I'm going to say on end in camel case I'm going to say click and this is equal and it's equal to
a function.
So we need to use curly braces.
I'm going to show you two ways.
Kind of an inline method and then an import let's say import.
OK so I want to cancel Lague whenever the user clicks on the on the logo.
So I want to trigger a function.
And since we're using iOS 6 I'm going to make use of fat functions.
I'm going to do.
I'm going to write here inside the braces I'm going to open and close parenthesis and then going to
say equal and then right pointing arrow.
And since I want to trigger a function I'm going to do curly braces.
That's good.
So I want to do cancell log and then and when she is just Consolo click click.
Let's get to something simple right.
If I just reload the page and click the logo.
OK that's working.
We get clicked.
So pretty much right here we are just saying I wanted to just trigger this function and if with ESX
whenever you have a single expression you can get rid of the curly braces right here.
If you have the click works ok.
If you have more expressions like maybe a two virals or two consulate's or something like that it's
not going to work because you have more expressions.
Whenever you have one you can use it like this.
And this is going to work.
You're going to do.
You're going to call the On Click event and then you just trigger the function.
Right.
So I want to show you a different way what I want to do.
I want to get what the user it's typing right here whenever they just type.
OK.
And that's asking if we're going to use the onchange handler.
Now back in iOS 5 we will we do it on a different way we call to a different method is going to be an
event listener.
We create create an event listener that's going to have the onchange listener the onchange event and
then we pass the event to get what the user is typing.
That is what we used to do back in the S-5.
Now right here with react we do it on a different way.
We need to change everything.
So again I need to call to get the event and we want to get the On Change event.
So I'm going to say on am I going to say change right.
And since you want to trigger function going to use curly braces I wanted to call to a function to trigger
a function that is going to call input change to something like that the name makes sense.
And whenever the user change changes the impot.
I went to council log.
Hey now I'm going to get an error message because this is empty.
So what I want to do I want to call this function whenever they change it.
Get.
So if I copy this and paste it right here it should be working but its not.
We cannot use it this way.
It says interchange.
Its not defined so we act.
Its not finding this function and this is because we need to put a reference to tell re-act where to
find this function so we can use this keyword.
So if we use this it works and if I just click something OK.
We're going to get.
Hey the thing is that we're going to get just one time.
So would react.
We just did this.
And if I just reload the page and type we're going to get it many times so this is working.
Now this keyboard it's really important whenever we use this we are telling react to look for this function
inside this class so that this keyboard means OK I'm inside this component so find just find a function
that calls impot change inside this class whatever the component is.
So it's going to enter the class Hetter is going to find the impot change and then it's going to trigger.
That's good.
So it's going to work.
Now back in again back in the is yes five Rigol way we with things we call the event listener and we
pass an event.
So just here we pass an event and inside here since I want to get what the users type is typing I'm
going to call that event.
I'm going to say Dot I'm going to get the target and dot the valley just like we used to do it back
and he is fine.
And if I just type g g h t y whatever.
So that's good.
Now this is working but there's something else with this whenever we called this event back in iOS 5
we're calling the event of the window object we are AXS in the window and then getting the events directly
from the browser directly from the DOM.
One of the features or things about react is that you're not allowed to interact with the DOM directly.
You need to do it through we act we act is going to grab this event handler is going to go to the Dom
and then just make the associations.
So if I just delete this and just check the event just type G begin to get this.
And it's kind of a different this can save re-act don't the component.
And we can get all the handlers to target and whatever Allaf information and this keyword synthetic
event it's what we are getting.
We are not working with the Dom and the events directly with the window directly.
We are working with react and then react.
It's connecting with the Dom and doing what we want.
So we have a I have a link right here.
You can check this out.
Just let me go right here and I'm going to go to the re-act docs.
You can have.
You can have a section with synthetic vents it can have all the examples right here and right here.
You to support advance.
You can have all the events around.
So we were using the unclick and the onchange events.
So that's the two of these events so you can you can check the docs.
OK.
So there's a lot a lot of information.
So pretty much in a nutshell again we are just triggering a function.
It's accessing the synthetic events of react and then react is connecting with the Dom and it's going
to give us the information of what we are typing inside the the input.
So again it's even that target that value
OK.
Right.
That's working.
OK so let's go to the next section.
Begin to talk about something really really important for yakked.
First I'm going to add a section that it's going to begin to talk about constructors begin to talk about
classes if you know ESX if you know how to work with classes inside ESX you can skip the next lecture
and go to the next one.
All right.
If you don't know anything about classes just stay.
Just take a look of funding to the next section.
We're going to talk about the classes because if I go to the next topic which is going to be the re-act
state you're not going to get it that easily.
Let's go to the next section.